README file for pyfred server
------------------------------

Content:
    1. Introduction
    2. Description of files
    3. Configuration
    4. Dependencies
    5. Execution and Instalation


1. Introduction

pyfred server is part of central registry written in python. Server has
modular architecture. There is one file which serves as a framework for
modules and other files which implement modules. Every module implements
one CORBA object which is registered in CORBA nameservice upon startup
of server.

Additional info about zone generator module can be found in README.genzone,
about mail notification module in README.mailer. Module whois is experimental
and cannot be used in production.


2. Description of files

In alphabetical order:
    fred_util.py   - utility functions shared accross the modules
    filemanager.py - module for storage of file attachments
    genzone.py     - module for zone generation
    mailer.py      - module for email notifications
    pyfred.conf    - main configuration file of pyfred
    pyfred.py      - the main server (starts modules)
    pyfred.sh      - start/stop script for pyfred (not usable)
    techcheck.py   - module realizing technical checks on nssets
    techchecs      - subdirectory with scripts used for tech checks
    utils          - misc insignificant utilities
    whois.py       - module implementing whois server (does not work)


3. Configuration

The server looks for pyfred.conf in current, /etc, /usr/local/etc directories
in this order. Configuration file has sections. One general for pyfred.py and
several others for individual modules.


4. Dependencies

General dependency is omniORB module for python and pgdb module for postgresql.
Additionally mailer module depends on clearsilver python module, techcheck
module on fpdns perl script.


5. Execution and Instalation

At first we have to statically generate python modules from IDL files.
This must be done in directory share (the generated files are shared
by server and clients - therefore the name).

          $ cd ../share
	  $ make
	  $ cd ../server

The simplest way, which might not work in all cases depending on
environment and configuration is:

          $ python pyfred.py

For instalation of pyfred server, you must be in directory 'share',
where the Makefile resides. Then type just (as root):

          # make install

This will install all modules and all clients available in pyfred.
For finer control over what will be installed and what not, are
provided special makefile targets. See Makefile's content.
